songfinder
==========

Song Finder

So, I was thinking for a project idea that we could work on would be
to make an app that helps you find new music and bands to listen too.

To start out I think it should just be bands that are rated on some
criteria like style, feel, content, popularity, and anything else we
can think of(probably don't need to many criteria) and what the app
could do is ask some preliminary questions about what kind of music
you like, maybe get you to rate a few popular bands from each
different genre and then have it start to match up bands depending on
your choices. Then using some kind of machine learning and feedback
system from the user, the user can then rate bands as they listen too
them so as to be able to get more information and more specialization.
I think this might be something that would do well on git hub with
other people contributing to the project(if that actually happens, idk
because i'm just a stupid engineer that is disconnected from the
computer science world) anyway hopefully if the system starts to work
better we could extrapolate it to individual songs and allow users to
add songs that they like and being able to add the labels to those
songs so that it can expand to encompass more music.

The only downside is that it will be unable to actually play the music
as we can't get the rights to it or anything.

Idk I just thought this was a cool idea that we could both work on,
and I thought of it the other day when my friend took me to a city in
colour concert because i've never heard them before, but I really
liked them and they were a pretty popular band, so I thought to myself
wouldn't it be sick to be able to find bands based on what you like?
